I have never wanted my YouTube channel
to resemble an academic lecture I want
to give it to you raw I want to add
whether it's my daughter watching this
or - whether it's something else that
I'm really going for here I'm not trying
to reproduce what you get the business
meeting or an academic lecture no you
shouldn't curse all the time you
shouldn't be out of control you
shouldn't be insulting to people all the
time but there's a time and a place for
those things - and that's all part of
the rough-and-tumble of life I've got to
say to you guys my mo and running this
channel still hasn't changed I'm still
making these videos so that one day my
daughter can see them I do not want my
daughter to grow up without knowing how
to swear without knowing how to curse
without knowing how to fight I don't I
don't want to grow up thinking her
father is an angel I don't want to grow
up thing your father's a hippie there's
a time for coarse language and there's a
time for business like formal
appropriate language there's a time to
give academic lectures and as I've said
recently I have never wanted my YouTube
channel to resemble an academic lecture
[Music]
if you want to be an actor here's what
you have to know and I know this because
I have this much experience in the
theater okay if you want to be an actor
it doesn't mean you want to act it means
you want to go to auditions it means you
want to wake up in the morning memorize
the script stand in a room in front of a
bunch of strangers who are bored and
you've already seen 50 other people
reading exactly the same script and you
want to present yourself to them heart
and soul say am i good enough am I
pretty enough am i right for this part
and you're gonna here know again and
again and again that's what it is to be
an actor okay being an actor isn't about
acting it's about auditioning it's about
having the strength of character
adaptability vivacity whatever you want
to say to go through that addition
process a hundred times or a thousand
times and even if they tell you that you
don't get the part because you've got a
c- body that you get up the next morning
and you go to an audition again okay I
have actually no delusions about my own
looks or appearance I remember a casting
agent once came up to me and was
interested in putting me into the movies
I could tell the whole story but I'm
just keeping it really short here a
casting agent said realistically enough
he thought he could find parts for me as
a villain he specifically said he
thought I would be great as a corrupt
lawyer he had a few other examples now I
know I know why that guy came up and and
talked to me actually wants really
different circumstances remember once a
guy in the in the record industry in the
music industry at a karaoke bar he
actually asked me if I was if I was
interested in getting involved with with
singing or what-have-you that situation
was not it's not that flattering uh for
one thing that guy he was legit but he
was he was very drunk he was I think
both drunk and smoking marijuana that
night but he was really impressed by my
my performance on stage you thought I
was really charismatic and he was he was
hit arrested in meeting with me however
that I didn't go to our dish I didn't
follow up with him but I figured out
really really soon that there's
there's no talent behind the charisma I
have no background it's say sure or
playing music um look the world of
acting is full of people who have to sit
there and say look you're good-looking
enough to be a comedian but you're not
good-looking enough to play a romantic
role
oh you're good-looking enough to be a
villain but you're not good-looking
enough to be a hero and maybe that's
nasty and brutal and heartbreaking and
maybe a lot of you people playing this
game on YouTube are too sensitive your
your delicate emotional butterflies
whatever it is you can't take the heat
well that's one of the most crucial
differences between YouTube and real
television isn't it none of you people
had to go through an audition to get
this right and now we're seeing all this
fall out seeing people have a [ __ ]
emotional meltdown because they feel
they're not pretty enough
or they're not smart enough or someone
dared to say something so terrible them
as to say that they're stupid or even
not even that they are stupid but that
one argument they made is stupid one
video and they have an emotional
meltdown and freak out and start lashing
out and start doing unethical things
like taking private emails and
denouncing people and making pseudo
psychological you know character
assassination videos the whole point is
to maintain your poise and dignity even
when you face to face that stuff okay
even when you get the bad news even when
you fail the audition I've got to say to
you guys my mo and running this channel
still hasn't changed I'm still making
these videos so that one day my daughter
can see them you guys think I'm a jerk
but you got to be a jerk to some extent
to survive in this world I got one piece
of hate mail from a woman who I assume
is vegan I don't know saying to me that
she teaches her children never to use
the word stupid that that's just such a
terrible hurtful thing to ever say that
another human being is stupid so her
children are never allowed to use the
word stupid how do you think that goes
down for your kids on the schoolyard how
do you think you're preparing your kids
even to deal with the schoolyard fight
let alone what I just dealt with in
Chiangmai let alone what you're gonna
chill with in a in a jailhouse let alone
what you're gonna deal with
in the workplace there's a lot of
rough-and-tumble in this life let alone
what you're gonna deal with if you
actually go to an audition whether it's
as a musician or a model or an actress
okay I do not want my daughter to grow
up without knowing how to swear without
knowing how to curse without knowing how
to fight I don't I don't want to grow up
thinking her father is an angel I don't
want to grow up thing your father's a
hippie you know what there's a time for
coarse language and there's a time for
businesslike formal appropriate language
there's a time to give academic lectures
and as I've said recently I have never
wanted my YouTube channel to resemble an
academic lecture I want to give it to
you raw I want to add whether it's my
daughter watching this or - whether it's
something else that I'm really going for
here I'm not trying to reproduce what
you get in a business meeting or an
academic lecture no you shouldn't curse
all the time you shouldn't be out of
control you shouldn't be insulting to
people all the time but there's a time
and a place for those things - and
that's all part of the rough-and-tumble
of life this tremendous hollowness in
terms of what's being broadcast about
veganism today that is something in a
really broad way I'd like to counter but
also this timorousness this this lack of
confidence you know come on I want you I
want us to have what it takes to get up
and go to that audition to do real
things I want us to be a movement that
consists of people who are capable of
standing up at City Hall and giving a
deposition of pursuing a real legal case
hopefully not one that's about
defamation or threats of violence but
legal cases that are about water
pollution and air pollution and animal
rights and food safety standards and
trying to change government policy and
trying to get public education campaigns
going I want to roll with a bunch of
highly effective individuals who are
really trying to save the planet we're
really trying to bring about you know
those those first painful steps towards
veganism being a meaningful movement
vegans being a meaningful community be
vegans being a dynamic you know
ethically motivated minority in the
world in the in the 21st century that's
what I'm about and
sub-second other videos can I have it
this year no can I have it next year no
can I have it within my lifetime maybe
but we're not gonna get there by
flattering each other we're not gonna
get there by telling each other you're
so beautiful when you're not you're so
great when you're not you're such a
great athlete when you're not oh you
could be a model when you can't not
everyone can be a model you know and
even with even with language study all
the time you have to tell people look
you think you can do this in five years
but you can't you know having realistic
goals giving people realistic
expectations down-to-earth feedback
that's an issue even when we don't have
the kind of you know pursuit of fame
money sex etc on the Internet that of
course is fueling a lot of what people
pretend is activism veganism we have
models who are not really models beauty
icons who aren't really beautiful people
who never get past you know ondition
process we have filmmakers who aren't
really making films activists formerly
activist we have intellectuals who are
not really intellectuals there's a lot
of holiness you know to what's going on
in the in the movements the movement
itself is not really a movement you know
okay that's what I got to say to you
guys this afternoon in China and you
know as I said before
none of this stuff I'm not ashamed of
this and not hiding this I hope my
daughter one day has the patience to
watch this kind of material for me and
know what kind of guy I am because when
you look at my resume what do you got
veganism Buddhism Asian languages First
Nations First Nations aka American
Indians native people it'd be really
easy to imagine the type of guy I am
when you just look at the facts about me
and think I'm some kind of soft hippie
and I'm not that's not who I am I'm not
the kind of person who would refuse to
call you stupid in a private email
straight to your face when I'm
explaining to you that the reason why I
don't want to talk to you anymore the
reason why I'm giving up on you is that
you're too stupid for me to spend the
time doing it I'm that honest with
people and I'm that real
when I give them compliments as well and
I'm the sort of person where would I get
death threats I don't back down and I'm
not scared and so on there's a hard edge
to me that I don't exaggerate and I
don't glorify but no I'm not a hippie I
never have been a hippie I'm not a
victim of a fad diet I'm not a victim of
a weight loss craze I don't do yoga you
know the kind of guy I am the reason why
I want to be so real and raw with you
people whether I'm talking about ethical
issues political issues or otherwise is
partly because my ultimate objective
here is just friendship I want to make
friends with real people who I can get
together with and do real things in this
movement one day I hope it is a movement
and I wouldn't want those friendships to
be on on a false basis either I wouldn't
want you guys to think I'm somebody I'm
not
or I'm some other kind of guy and also
yeah bottom line whatever ten years from
now my daughter can watch these videos
and she herself might imagine there's
that stereotype oh my dad's a hippie my
dad's one of these guys who goes around
talking about peace and love and
non-violence I do I talk about
non-violence all the time
non-violence is a huge crucial issue for
me but my vision of non-violence is not
based on an unrealistic hippy detached
view of reality it's based on a really
deep appreciation for the history of
political violence and it's also based
on the desire for all of us
fundamentally to do the best that we can
that's actually a concept that's really
gone at a fashion people like to talk
about good and evil but you know doing
the best that you can is a very humble
way to approach the world because you
can recognize that there are better ways
to do things but sometimes you got to
look in the mirror and just say this is
the best I can do so this is what I am
gonna do so I close this by saying to
all of you guys again ask yourselves if
you really were trying to save the
planet what could you do you're dead
right there are all kinds of situations
in which human beauty is irrelevant and
in which having a c- body or an a-plus
body is irrelevant selling diet books is
not one of them selling permanent
vacation and lifestyle activism is not
one of them the whole fantasy of running
away and becoming an Instagram model
it's not one of them matter
and of course I would love to see more
of our time and attention and effort
going into those types of activism where
the fat and ugly people can rule the
world and where it nothing could matter
less than how fat or how ugly you are a
baddest yen